that all you can do hey what's going on
guys it's your buddy wretched here and
today's video is the heavy shield
animation glitch you can see crispy
conchords performing that glitch for you
guys right now it looks pretty awesome
I'm not going to show you how to do it
there's plenty of videos out there
explaining it I will link you the video
that I saw from FC glitching that'll be
down in the description for you but
essentially this video is myself and my
friends going into lobbies performing
the glitch and get some funny reactions
hopefully you guys enjoyed this video be
sure to hit that like button and I'll
talk to you soon peace Amy thermacell
song out there you go student yes I
think I did it this time wow you guys do
you mean broward dancing let us fucking
do what we're doing let's not kill the
luck up damn 60 oh my god i keep ticket
tuna can
you guys actually maybe don't just sit
and spawn my gay boys until you're
talking about this fucker you guys laugh
at that wait there's a guy over there
he's gonna kill us go back go back go
back Retreat retreat okay just like put
it down the night this guy has no idea
I'm right behind him Oh perfect did it
work yeah foot jump around come around
come around come around jump around jump
around you just looking at it why is it
he killing me for up oh that's fightball
laid the egg
oh my god i want to see it you want to
help us do a glitch bro oh god it's a
salt shield glitch thing I know y'all
like the curl oh no no no no dude watch
me I'll show you alright alright I'm not
my name is bones i dont troll he's a
queer anyways yeah toxic you're a
fucking DS